Layout
1) flex div - 2 rows
2) flex div a -


header, strong


request help:
1) naming conventions - card or card-container?,
am i naming superflously or not enough specification
2) am i using BEM naming convection well?
3) html tag padding or spacing; should i space them or,
should i get used to reading dense tags? feel like it shouldnt,
matter much to add a space
4) am i cluttering css with too much comments and are the,
comment contents and groupings good?
5) using h1 and 2 rather than 3 or 4 etc, in a real webpage, im sure cards would be
, further down the heirarchy so smaller h1 but since this is a card only page,
im going with h1
               //not sure now                           h4 & h5 rather than 1 or 2 why? because in a real website,
im sure a card wouldnt use h1 or 2 right? theyre lower down,
in the heirarchy of the website and thus focus for SEO?
6) components? am i right in thinking of components as interactive objects,
such as a button or link? or are they things like avatars, buttons, cards,
tables or feature lists etc.
7) card rating names; should i have added a container for each so they,
contain an individual div container named after their rating id? or is that,
unnecessary
8) styling readability vs efficency; ive left commented-out css code in,
typography, and redid the css in a way that i felt was better for readability,
i opted for using class names to specify each section rather than being as,
efficent as possible with selectors as is the case with the commented text,
i felt the commented-out css wasnt readable compared to the current css.
am i right to do this?
9) subtitle and description not being contained in a div - was this a right,
choice, the reason i removed them both from a div is i felt it was pointless,
as both could be controlled with a class anyway, though i feel this might be,
my lack of experience and skill pushing me in the wrong direction?
10) grid rather than flexbox - padding, margin etc throw off,
flex setting annoyingly - article @https://css-tricks.com/equal-columns-with-flexbox-its-more-complicated-than-you-might-think/
explains whats happening so i opted for the writers suggestion,
of using grid instead
11) am i too anal about 1:1 matching the design?
12) is my html class naming too bloated?
13) image shrink in flex/grid ? or how ive done it with media queries to shrink the card container for desktop, tablet and <i class="fa fa-mobile" aria-hidden="true"></i>

blog:
- thought i had an ok grasp of flexbox, nope

article, h2


responsive flexbox card component:
desktop width = 2x base image width, height = base image height


IMPORTANT:
learn functional (composition) css (https://adamwathan.me/css-utility-classes-and-separation-of-concerns/) later, for now use BEM